[Music]
Axel Foley is back who is he
I'd say he's a cop this is a Detroit vag
what the hell are you doing in Beverly
Hills I'm going deep deep deep deep
undercover back where he doesn't belong
excuse me
we're the owners of this house don't
know why for a week while the
construction happened stolen this house
[Applause]
[Music]
reunited
with all his old buddies Nike
extraordinaire if you need me just speak
gently wishbone and I can't run in the
middle it's like keeper than [ __ ] but
different oh this is a big mistake a big
mistake would you lighten up and take
the risk this is definitely breaking the
law
[Music]
I suppose you're trying to be charming
actually I'm just offering my grooming
services generat I want you out of here
is this a black thing I need
authorization are we having a problem
here and this is Max and Max kills cops
[Music]
[Applause]
kill him burn and gone away
Eddie Murphy Beverly Hills Cop to the
heat's back on
[Music]